gh-100374: Fixed a bug in socket.getfqdn() (#100375)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2022-12-20-16-14-19.gh-issue-100374.YRrVHT.rst

> Fixed incorrect result and delays in socket.getfqdn. (Patched by Dominic Socular @MTAwsl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix incorrect result and delay in :func:`socket.getfqdn`. Patch by Dominic Socular.
```
